README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img alt="Foto" src="assets/Foto.png" width="128"/>
    <h3 align="center">A simple image viewer written in C</h3>
    <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/mekb-turtle/foto?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge" />
    <img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mekb-turtle/foto?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge" />
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mekb-turtle/foto?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

---
<br/>

## About The Project
Foto is a simple image viewer in written C. It simply shows an image to the user, nothing more nothing less. It's designed to be used in scripts so there are no keybinds.
You can specify the position or size the window intially appears at, or even the background colour.
It uses DevIL to read the image, then it uses Cairo and Xlib to display it to the user.

<br />

## Installing
### Arch-based
```bash
# You can use an AUR helper if you like
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/foto.git
cd foto
makepkg -si
```

### Debian-based
```bash
# This will install the latest git commit! There may be bugs.
# A DEB package is planned for an easy install
apt install build-essential libcairo2-dev libdevil-dev libx11-dev libxext-dev libbsd-dev pandoc
git clone https://github.com/mekb-turtle/foto.git
cd foto
make install RELEASE=1
```

Commit message:

:memo: Update README.md and man pages a bit

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img alt="Foto" src="assets/Foto.png" width="128"/>
    <h3 align="center">A simple image viewer written in C</h3>
    <img alt="Version" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/mekb-turtle/foto?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge" />
    <img alt="Stars" src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/mekb-turtle/foto?display_name=tag&style=for-the-badge" />
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/mekb-turtle/foto?style=for-the-badge" />
</div>

---
<br/>

## About The Project
Foto is a simple image viewer in written C. It simply shows an image to the user, nothing more nothing less. It's designed to be used in scripts so there are no keybinds.
You can specify the position or size the window intially appears at, or even the background colour.
It uses DevIL to read the image, then it uses Cairo and Xlib to display it to the user.

<br />

## Installing
### Arch-based
If you use an AUR helper, use it instead, e.g `paru -S foto` or `paru -S foto-git`
Using `makepkg`:
```bash
git clone https://aur.archlinux.org/foto.git # use foto-git.git instead for latest commit
cd foto
makepkg -si
```

### Debian-based
A .deb package is planned for an easier installation
```bash
sudo apt install build-essential libcairo2-dev libdevil-dev libx11-dev libxext-dev libbsd-dev pandoc
git clone https://github.com/mekb-turtle/foto.git
cd foto
git checkout "$(git describe --tags --abbrev=0)" # checkout to latest tag, omit for latest commit
sudo make install RELEASE=1
```

### Other distros
Find the following dependencies in your package manager or elsewhere:
- `libbsd`
- `cairo`
- `devil`
- `libx11`
- `libxext`
- `pandoc` (only needed when building man pages)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mekb-turtle/foto.git
cd foto
git checkout "$(git describe --tags --abbrev=0)" # checkout to latest tag, omit for latest commit
sudo make install RELEASE=1
```

Specify `INSTALL_DIR` in `make install` to specify where to install to, read `Makefile` for more information
